The Paris Olympics recently held the opening ceremony. Did 
you see-it? Yes, I think you would know, but this time, 
South Korea was incorrectly spelled in English as North 
Korea. Have you ever heard-of that? Yes, yes, I think you 
saw it in that meme. Then, this is it.  To what extent do 
you think it is-becoming an issue in the press or media? 
Well, I think I've seen it quite a lot. I've seen it often 
in passing and people around me have-reacted a lot to it, 
so people around me are also aware of it,-so I think it's 
becoming a hot topic. -Then, how did you feel when you 
found out about it later?-Oh, I just thought, oh, what kind 
of mistake should I make? It's the Olympics, so shouldn't I 
do something like this? Oh, how- do I feel?-Because of 
this, anyway, it's an important event, but I got the name 
of the country wrong.  When I gave up,-I thought it was 
just absurd and I was confused about this. I don't get 
confused these days, but since this is the Olympics, I- 
honestly thought it didn't make sense in a public place, 
but I still made-people look at those comments and things 
like that, so I apologized officially.  They said that they 
should receive it.-I also felt the same way.-Rather than 
thinking about how the people living in Korea felt, I think 
the Olympic preparatory committee that prepares for the 
Olympics is also the problem, and-the broadcasting company 
that reported it as it was reported is also the problem.  I 
think both of them are-not well prepared and have shown a 
bit of incompetence. They would never make a-mistake, but 
if this was really a long time ago, it would have been a 
real mistake, but-in this day and age, I thought it 
couldn't happen, and I-left that aside.  I had just seen a 
photo introducing that message, but in the case of Korea, 
the photo was uploaded as one that didn't come out well.-So 
I thought a lot about what the problem was. Since-we are a 
Bundang country, it is now the official name of Korea.  
Now,-what do you think about whether Koreans are well aware 
of it or not? Uh, it seems to be a bit 50/50, but-wouldn't 
they still know? Uh, I think I can do it at least. I think 
I can do it to that extent.-Most people learn it in 
elementary, middle, and high schools, so it's common 
sense.-I think you all know it at that level. Because these 
days, a lot of people travel abroad,-and now there are so 
many opportunities to choose the country name when 
registering in advance,-so most Koreans can easily 
understand North Korea.  I think you-definitely know the 
English names for South Korea. Then, I-will give you a 
simple quiz. It is not a difficult quiz. If you ask me what 
the official name of Korea is after holding two Pyeonmaeul, 
I will answer with my fingers.-You can mark it. There are 
two written like this. Could you please find out which one 
refers to Korea? Uh,- could you please point out the point? 
Yes, that's right. It's the correct answer. Uh, you pointed 
it out without hesitation. Uh, didn't you worry about it? 
No, it didn't-work. Below.  I don't think it's official. I 
think I've heard this a lot.-So, are you thinking that they 
are both Korean names? So, there are two signs. You 
guessed-which one is the official Korean name. Oh, 
you-guessed it right. One, two, three.  Did you get 
confused when you saw these two?-I was a little confused. 
What did you get confused about? What follows is the-same. 
Repic of Korea is now the official name of Korea.-Can you 
guess what it means above?  As far as I know, China also 
has something similar in front of it, and-both China and 
North Korea have communism on top, so-Amamos means 
communism, so I do n't think there was any confusion, but 
I-think they say communists or communists.  But the reason 
why this can be confusing is because Democratic 
actually-means democracy, not communism. So, do you-think 
that foreigners can be confused about Korea when they see 
the name Koai? Or, these days, there is also pop music.  
I'm curious about your opinion on whether you think you-can 
know enough about Korea because you know it well. Ah, after 
seeing it again like this,-I think ordinary people might be 
confused. First of all, since Republic of Korea has both, 
it-will confuse Democracy a little. I think foreigners 
see-Korea I'm hold signs And see if you can-find right 
answer Don't be nervous You-can do it okay okay I'm it-now 
you can just point it-out Why did you why did you 
choose-Republic  of Korea Why did you think-that Republic 
of Korea is south-Korea I just have a feeling 
That's-correct But I could be completely-you think the bot 
one is the South-Korea Ok I don't remember ever 
seeing-Democratic people republic I think-I've  seen 
Republic of-Korea Okay Okay the bottom one Why did-you guys 
think that It was the bottom-one um I know that 
the-Democratic This one the first one from-North Korea Ah 
but right now I-think that the first one is for South-Korea 
because South Korea South for-South Korea the first one 
Yeah Yes-uh Democratic Yeah sounds more mtic so-maybe the 
first one for South Korea Okay-Since You got you two have 
different-answer now i'm gna say Which one is the-answer 
and the answer is-actually the  bottom one Republic 
of-Korea actually You don't have to be-nervous anymore 
because you got the-right answer you feel-better do you 
feel better Now Ok I mean-i i mean i was not 100% sure I I 
think-i i i did know deep down um but-obviously  the name 
is misleading-allegedly okay then If you have not 
leed-Korea before do you think possible for-people confuse 
I think they-might get confused but on some-documents 
especially If you're applying-to work here You'll see 
Republic of-Korea more often than  you would see-Democratic 
people else republic-actually Before I moved Here I live 
in-Wales and in the UK and many people-thought When I told 
him I was moving to-South Korea I didn't say South said 
I'm-moving to Korea and the first  thing He-said is It's a 
war zone It's a third-world country How are you going 
to-live there Why are you moving there and-I to explain to 
them no It's two-different things Only Korea's Korea knows 
and the-country's full name is foreigners  I don't know 
much, but I- think that people who know about the country's 
system, the state and the communist country, that is, the 
socialist country, if the word "democracy" is included in 
the name of the country, they may now mistake it for our 
country. However,-despite this, this Olympics.  As for the 
same mistake, I think it was undoubtedly a mistake-because 
it is not just an ordinary citizen's mistake. Yes,-then, in 
addition to incorrectly introducing South Korea as North 
Korea at this Olympics, I wonder if there-were any other 
issues. Have you seen anything? I think I saw a few 
articles on Inter News about people saying they wouldn't 
turn on the air conditioner when it was hot.-I think I even 
knew about the hot topic recently about raising the flag 
incorrectly. You can't open the window on the bus. It-was 
so hot because the air conditioner wasn't running. Articles 
like this.  I think I saw it on Instagram. -It was in 
Australia. I think I saw that there was a sport in 
Australia that had the Chinese flag on it when introducing 
players. Well, I saw it somewhere, but I-thought there were 
many cases where other countries put up their flags 
incorrectly, so it's just the Olympics.  These days, I feel 
like I didn't prepare well. It's-just that now, when I only 
see memes and comments like that, I made a mistake 
in-spelling something in Korea a little while ago, so it's 
revenge for-that. That's why I signed up in the first 
place.  Even-if I do it, it seems to have spread to the 
opinion that it is too much, so I-think it is really 
ambiguous right now. Whether it is really a mistake or an 
intention, I think that perhaps we will be able to learn 
more as the process progresses next time.-Then, including 
Europe,  Is it because Korea's reputation or awareness is a 
bit low, especially in Western countries,-or is -there some 
change in their thoughts about it? I think people know a 
lot about Korea, but it's-not exactly accurate. I feel like 
I'm falling. I think people are just starting to-get to 
know me. I feel like I'm in transition. I heard you said 
that you've been traveling abroad or meeting a lot of 
foreign friends now. Are you-from North Korea or South 
Korea? Or are you from North Korea? South Korea  Have you 
ever been asked this question, “Are you human?”-I’ve 
been asked a lot. Yes, I’m curious about how you reacted 
when you did that.-At first, you would be very surprised if 
you said you were from North Korea just as a joke, but then 
you said it-was just a joke and you said it to someone 
else.  I just corrected them by saying they came, but they 
didn't say it very seriously. They-just thought that they 
might not know. I think I heard it a few times when I went 
to the United States for school.  How do you respond when 
that happens? Because of-course you know it's South Korea 
and you're just joking, but of course, if you just-laugh 
and say it's South Korea, I do-n't think it was that big of 
a deal. It's just that the Olympics are now an event 
watched by people all over the world.  Now,-I think there 
is a possibility that people who don't know Korea well 
could use this incident as an opportunity to get to know 
them better. -But now, people who know Korea might think 
it's strange, but-I'd rather use this opportunity.  If 
Korea responds properly,-I think it could be an opportunity 
to promote Korea properly. Then, there may be foreigners 
who don't know the difference between South Korea and North 
Korea this time around. Could you please-say something to 
such foreigners, what is the difference? However, the North 
is-communist and the south is democratic, which is a bit 
different. Of course, South Korea and North Korea-speak 
differently, but their lifestyles are also very different. 
There wo-n't be such a distance between us in North Korea, 
and the reason we can play around as we want now is because 
we live-in southern Korea.  I think South Korea is still 
a-country where freedom is guaranteed and people can 
express their opinions and views, but I-think North Korea 
is a country that is oppressed compared to South Korea, 
where such things are not. Even though they are the same 
country.  Now,-since it is a divided country, I think there 
are a lot of differences in culture and perception, and 
I-think they are definitely people with a more liberal 
atmosphere.  It's not easy to go abroad anymore, so 
it'll-be very difficult for you to meet them. Then, if you 
could say a final word-to foreigners who don't know Korea's 
history or politics, what- would you like to say? We live 
much better.-Come visit us. Our country is very fun. I like 
it. Oh, I really like Korean history.-So there was a time 
when our culture was very painful, but thanks to that,-we 
developed even more in this period of time.-I think it's 
thanks to that, but we don't forget that pain and keep it 
in mind.-I wish there was [Music]
